When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: You select a word, then clicks away.
Repeat until choose first, change second is clear.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Apply bold, italic and underline to three different words.
Undo one and apply it again.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the rule for formatting.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: You formats a three-line note so the title stands out and key words are readable.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.